# Trying To Leave A Mark On The Internet

I was fiddling with my Rubik's cube, thinking about my next tweet. Selfies have lost their popularity, haven't they? This is what I came up with and wanted to post online. I kept the cube aside and started typing quickly before the thought jumps out of my head. Is it only me, or do you sometimes come up with a thought you want to keep with yourself forever, but a second later it's lost? Well, I believe it is never lost, it just…no yeah…it is lost. Forever. You can't bring it back, and the harder you try, the farther it goes. But coming back to the tweet. My screen went off in the meantime, and my reflection was staring back at me through the phone. When was the last time I took a selfie? When was the last time I took a photo? Wait, when was the last time I even smiled?

We have all seen those reels which say “Keep smiling,” “Smiling is free,” “Smiling is effortless,” etc., but I have an unpopular opinion. Smiling takes a lot of effort. You can't just keep smiling. Your jaw hurts, at least mine. I once tried smiling for a whole day but ended up equally depressed at night. And I would not even like to be around a person smiling all day. Like, how can you smile while thinking you need to take a dump right after reaching home?

I'm honestly so jealous of these influencers who actually influence. They have the superpower to make anything cool or uncool. Stream chess for a year, and suddenly it's a thing you can flex. React to some dank content, and suddenly someone with two legs and two hands is a normie. If I had this power, I'd bring back those button phones and make them mainstream just for the games. Right now, being an influencer is cool, so everyone wants to be one, but what if the tables turn? What if we make them look uncool? Not worthless, not undeserving, not cringe, just uncool. That'd be fun. Or maybe I'm just jealous because they have everything I don't. But well, they have to smile all day, and here I win.

I'm not just jealous of them, but also sometimes (mostly) people in my circle too. Like, seriously, you’re having fun? And so I realized I post two types of stories. One is to show the world that I'm happy too, and the others are for just one person whom I can't send directly but want them to see. I love those stories because two people reply to them except the one it was intended to. How can you be so oblivious? At least not dumber than me, who can't even solve one layer of a Rubik's cube.
