# Mirror

"An Americano, please!" I told the barista at a small but posh-looking coffee shop in a very native accent. Being new in the city and not having spoken too much being alone, I was surprised at picking up the accent so quickly. I spotted an empty table and approached it while noticing everything around me. The aroma of coffee beans was evident but everyone seemed to ignore it. There was a dad working on his laptop with his son enjoying what seemed to be a chocolate drink. I am pretty bad at knowing what they are called. The kid looked at me and I gave him a smile. For once I didn't feel like *ah shit do I have to make a conversation now?* He looked quite interesting with 2 watches on his wrists. One looked like a Casio while the other was familiar too. It was an Omnitrix! Wasn't that trend long gone? And how am I ignoring a Casio on a 10-year-old kid? That is quite a combination. The barista called my name and while picking up my drink, I signaled the boy to come sit with me. He picked up his cup while the straw still in his mouth, we walked towards my table and pulled out our chairs in sync. I bet his father didn't even notice his son wasn't in front of him anymore.

We were quiet for a few minutes, enjoying our drinks. I didn't know where to start. The little kid decided to break the tension and asked, "Did you like my watch?" I reached out to his hand and brought it closer to take a better look. I turned the dials, and it made familiar sounds. One by one, slowly, I rotated it all the way until the aliens started repeating. I fidgeted around all the buttons with curiosity but was still hesitant to press the dial. *What if?* At this point, I seemed to be more childish than him. He calmly said, "You can press it" with a smile on his face. Now, it would be super embarrassing if I actually pressed it. I just laughed it out and gave him a compliment about his watch. "What is up with the Casio though?" I asked. "It is for the time," he said. He wasn't wrong, and I had nothing to follow up with. We were quiet again. He finished his drink and got up to go back to his dad without even a goodbye. Maybe I was too dumb for him.

I finished my drink too, got up, paid the bill, and opened the door. I was with my dad tightly holding his hand. As the door opened, the coffee beans seemed to pull me in with their fragrance. We sat at a table, and my dad went on to order something for us. He always orders the same thing, and I love it. I need to ask him what it is as I'm growing up, and he won't always be there with me. We got our drinks, and he began to work on his laptop. I didn't mind as long as he is with me. After some time, the door opened, and a boy entered the coffee shop. He looked new to the city but had an accent while ordering his drink. *Interesting.* I was observing him shyly just when he caught me looking at him and passed me a smile.
