# When I Pretended to Be Mute For 2 Days

"Too bored I was, somewhere to go I had" - said the inner Yoda voice in me. 2024 was the first time I had some adult money and majority of it was spent on travel. Why did I do that? Maybe to not be comfortable and to not have a banana back. Although it didn't help my back much but definitely made sure I was never in comfortable situations. The introvert in me made an effort for the first time. Or maybe the lazy in me made an effort for the first time. Looking back at 2024, I'll be a bit happy knowing that I could actually do things which I thought I never could.

Cut to 2025. Now I can't go back to not going somewhere whenever possible. I'd lying if i say I'm not anxious or scared right before leaving to somewhere but deep inside me I know I can pull it off. "Isn't this the same comfort I was avoiding?" - asked the inner audience in me who are watching my life. I'm mostly performing for them and making sure they have a good time. What is something I can do in 2 days which will be a bit uncomfortable? As it happened, I pretended to be mute for 2 days in Jodhpur.

I love Rajashtan in January. It is not as cold as Delhi but also has a perfect explorable weather. I've been avoiding the mountains because well, not fit enough for the cold I feel. I've been to Jaipur & Udaipur so a place reachable by bus was Jodhpur. Of all the limited states I've been to, Rajasthan somehow knows how to market its culture the best. Tbh I didn't really think I could pull off something like this. It just makes everything inconvienient. But it was exciting. Was it ethical? Yes if I call it a social experiment. It was one too, but more out of "I want to be uncomfortbale" and less "Let's understand the societal response to my character".

The day of leaving, I tried the character for a bit in Delhi. Now, I don't really know how mute people go about there everyday chores so decided I'd roam around with a notepad to converse with people. I took an Uber from my office to home and gestured the auto driver I can't speak. He asked for the otp and gave away my phone for him to figure it out. He couldn't see. He tried moving the phone back and forth for the perfect length where his eyes could see but no luck. I put it in his phone myself. Makes me wonder how safe are we on the roads?

I reached Jodhpur, completely in character. Was greeted by confused autowalas who were not able to understand where I want to go because it was written in English. "Ahh shit, this is going to be tough" - said the inner sane me who wasn't on board all along. It had both sides. One was the get everything easily because people will sympathize with you and the other was clearly the inability to communicate what you want so you have to settle for what you have and take help often. Very often. I also had to try not to explotit anyone by gaining sympathy because it was really easy. I could bargain to any price and people would agree just out of sympathy but who wants this bad karma, not me. 
